feat: add ignoreLabels option to force ignore errors (#174)
amannn/action-semantic-pull-request: README.md

          validateSingleCommitMatchesPrTitle: true
          # If you use GitHub Enterprise, you can set this to the URL of your server
          githubBaseUrl: https://github.myorg.com/api/v3
          # If the PR contains one of these labels, the validation is skipped.
          # Multiple labels can be separated by newlines.

>           # If you want to rerun the validation when the labels has changed,
>           # add "labeled" and "unlabeled" conditions to your CI workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # If you want to rerun the validation when labels change, you might want
          # to use the `labeled` and `unlabeled` event triggers in your workflow.
```

          validateSingleCommitMatchesPrTitle: true
          # If you use GitHub Enterprise, you can set this to the URL of your server
          githubBaseUrl: https://github.myorg.com/api/v3
          ignoreLabels: |

>             bot

Author: Oh, I'm sorry I forgot that. Added in e9503a0929373bdadd8dd35903263a1072f51952

> maybe show an example of a second label?

What do you think are good examples of labels?
Are these two okay for you?

```
bot
ignore-semantic-pull-request
```

>             bot

Reviewer: Yep, looks good – thanks!
